HE following Family Secrets are Secrets Worth Knowing 5
and it is better to learn them by reading Punch, than
to find them out by expensive experience.

1. Economy in Juvenile Clothing.—Among the phe-
nomena of Infant Growth, is that of out-growing the
trousers before the latter are worn out. To obviate this

 inconvenience, let your child’s trousers be made with

 several tucks, each, in succession, to be let down ac-

 cording to the elongation of the legs. When the last

 tuck has been unfolded, the trousers, if still respectable,

to descend to the smaller brother,
provided there is one ; or else to
be disposed of at the area, or laid
up for future contingencies.

2. How to get a Bonnet out of
a Fall in Sugar.—This process is
verysimple. It consists in avail-’
ing yourself of the Fall in your
purchases, and taking no notice
of it in your entries in the house-
keeping-book. The result is a
balance in your favour, “ unbe-
known,” to speak popularly, to
your husband ; which you quietly
invest in the bonnet. The success
of this little experiment depends
upon having a confiding husband
who never inquires about prices.
—N.B. It will also help towards
“ making a purse.” .

3. How to get credit for'a
Country Residence.—Shut all
your lower shutters during Au-
gust and September, and live at
the top of the house. Take this
opportunity of wearing out your
old clothes.

4. To perpetuate Youth: —
Important to Matrons.—Having
grown-up daughters, of sixteen,
and pretty, dress them in frocks,
pinafores, and frilled trousers.
. Encourage them to play with

skipping-ropes, battledores, and shuttlecocks, and let them come in after
dinner to have half a glass of wine. Or send them somewhere away to
school, till people begin to say that you are treating them shamefully.

: By this means an inference as to their age, and consequently as to yours,

will be precluded. For your own part, wear no caps; lace tightly, and
if your cheeks should have lost somewhat of the bloom of youth, buy

a little. You may thus remain stationary for a long time at eight-and-

twenty.

5. To multiply Sherry.—Take of old Brown Sherry one bottle ; of
Raisin, two ; of White Currant, three. Mix. This will make an excel-
lent Pale Sherry for supper at evening parties ; but you had better not
introduce it at dinner.

6. Axioms,—Flannel for the fire-side; silk, satin, and velvet, for the
soirée.

7. Pudding first and Meat afterwards for little Girls and Boys.—To
cloy is to moderate the youthful appetite. Fat mutton goes far with the
young consumer,

8. Scraps on six days ; a dinner party on the seventh.

9. Wax, damask, Brussels, magnificence, and profusion, one evening in
the year; dips, dimity, drugget, seediness, and parsimony all the
rest of it.

10. Pinch the stomach ; pamper the back.

lf Punch, by the above maxims and directions, shall have furnished .
any family with a hint as to “ making it out,’’ he will be delighted.

